doc: plugin register API's Enterprise Beta download parameter (#30986)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/api-docs/system/plugins-catalog.mdx

  execution of the plugin. Each entry is of the form "key=value". e.g
  `"FOO=BAR"`.

- `download` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert inline="true" /> **( BETA )**
  Tells Vault to download the specified plugin from the
  [HashiCorp releases page](https://releases.hashicorp.com/). Automatic
  downloads only support secret and auth plugins with artifacts containing
  `metadata.json` and `metadata.json.sig`. To use automatic downloads, your

>   network must permit comminucation between Vault and `releases.hashicorp.com`.

Reviewer: Could we call out HTTPS here and TCP port 443

Reviewer 2: Fixed in https://github.com/hashicorp/vault/pull/30986/commits/85ce382f0d6c1c7ad921b842d23746103f84da5c

  execution of the plugin. Each entry is of the form "key=value". e.g
  `"FOO=BAR"`.

> - `download` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert inline="true" /> **(BETA)** If set,

Reviewer 3: The beta partial is used when we have a section of docs (or a whole doc) related to beta functionality so we can tag things at the paragraph/page level. Unfortunately it won't work on the level of a list item :(

> - `download` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert inline="true" /> **(BETA)** If set,
>   indicates that Vault downloads the specified plugin from the
>   [HashiCorp releases page](https://releases.hashicorp.com/).
>   This is only supported for secret and auth plugin versions with artifacts
>   containing `metadata.json` and `metadata.json.sig`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- `download` `(bool: false)` - <EnterpriseAlert inline="true" /> **( BETA )**
  Tells Vault to download the specified plugin from the
  [HashiCorp releases page](https://releases.hashicorp.com/). Automatic
  downloads only support secret and auth plugins with artifacts containing
  `metadata.json` and `metadata.json.sig`. To use automatic downloads, your
  network must permit comminucation between Vault and `releases.hashicorp.com`.
```

> ~> **Note:** To use the `download` parameter, Vault must be configured to access
> the HashiCorp releases page.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
Folded into the suggestion above

> the HashiCorp releases page.

Reviewer 3: I'm going to say "yes" because that's they way I interpreted it until I read your comment 😅  I took a stab at clarifying things in the suggestion.

> the HashiCorp releases page.

Reviewer 2: Good points. Thank you both on the suggestion!
